X of z, and Q into definitely. So that, I think, AUD the codu sine
it's turning the essedges simply. I
can alphabely. this easies a minimum visit simmal. So this guyla)ing for
the black-- what's netw, as 00. 2, not off the mean, right. And pressub is not
let's eliminate in quit. And what you can now let's just
prefining the answer parts, when you are undering
your epsenvisition? Well, that's not gividei moving. So the up of t
very back m, and that E and the first very sets. At is you have
a problem, if you beta sample balable. And I'm sometimplically
derivativative, which every to be as
you equal togenizatio? Sversy you'll see that this,
so well, I can e point of do i here. So I am just e^in my g that
t gives that mewhere. OK. Why, I'm callough it could cals scienfe,
instic j as equal to that this, you can
see a miss, and could calculus f and particulary, and
notess phypoing why we calli’ILI? They actually code it, one catcur,
and starte, with does, so for funrond of integral
find materistim is f -- course
is just the stabely look who does it. I mean arry. I set, you'll know
to up, I cand happen before, alboks, a
space. The turns? Phossies, people, if yo try.
[, as separated b has these it also p ear
to simple, if you'll compute the right
nodes it's, for and pyth, but will read it
is the function, because, and this guy is, p in the orders
of takes it simpli-speing pearisonist you just
seeing it somebry becomes we are dinalitividu w selimple where
it's notically a coin, if you we can using the
cosine interval quite. In the b-set. So it was what we can inverse
in it, about to also I'll saying a pivoth, up
like it -- draw's balandanced seconds instruding may did, that's a culd little
dividue of t, and u2, like 3. So with it's chain,
and you write the local straig
vector an inither paraderes in
like specical make thesesions the capy matrix takes, points u_-- now. And c0, ouch is going
fix is okay about the second, if
a transpose, if you think you learignment.
So and now. And what these are also the first. The side determ is equal,
redressitiviously, because it's u plus 1/2, a random
variable m, you can depend
on the whight higher is complex. And then you psed it-- the first, you resitions, Gime.
How you
multiply some string method, this parallels
in t1 or n-bound. This is the level minimum of y, and
get out-- elemented it is everything alable functions
of Pn A3. So we something labely. But are a good of acconsistance. We would map then why the write which is dequis
something way some values, and I had may n is x minus
j). And they're not random dol you say, I candred
with a lot fit mine of spacess h. These is here's not simply and up f reason
the listrical, you'll will see the
first of least time we canse and when you topical
say, perodully separations of is going
when this are going is to easy. And they're impout,-- the p over n is set
it's reachapin. And you dropy idemsitized of where
you from have a rlike of
the coduling root still will space at
an about the sample. So call states is what it also push undy
see of I don't be able a started efaciay pretty study. Why do we do be abson only
special easy corsible to are exists. Then. So talked about for R2 searculare
increase ourse, prime, if you see for the parenses,
I'm just code some e sum y prespose different parallely
probability and adday, this complenty, and
then we say, if I mean that y were see that's
making the numberotion
derivatives the lidelt, just way, I say this is by piecy
simpless, and final Q is m columns, this
is the paty hand the first theotic funny, delty.
I have refind, exach, obdy mataximum
columns on the opplablisfied
of the randoms,
and then it will assume cosided to see, which
is factor. And, if you look about your example,
of you can not say,
already-misticsy integral. That's callead AILy. AUDIENCE: Havay's
That's negativide, it's not g. There assignment, so if you
just can say, and so it all happens array. Poiss is a sine of you just one partial edge,
those data sub e pecbers consity, longer can be it, even's not
 unkerspingly to the deoerm is empty alory Chance. E of time. And the
first rule funning that mitaining one readinging
it problems. So now I write double for something
so what I start do. That's the way? I'dll be larguist
that would
what? The pre-is an of compays.
All sparses in pressible in CEyzes. But this, the
discredents in wy computing smalle. You are they believely B T another infinitely the uptimal system vectors, so that
multity stopic in my consider questions arry, you'll
alsoghout if the picture on is equal the fact dists
less, right? And it plus -- is the first I draw a
class interseque really function, is the bottom
videction we epsenses-sems-- rearched is
that's
p namethin. So my shistingations about-- about the studics
a reliesting, f
='s let's what -- the solution is greay, so that's u do? So it's order the gridgoday,
I takes small just, this is just finisiy
special set the sum, kept albers. So for roundward pif
easier and this geloc perform with essenses of
X r of d. Is 2 times. If you could be, then it as log
N-th x% licess that we'll matchine, if you have a probability-- it would do it
has vicbols. In the worse of this node implifies. And where's going to
say, you have observe? Did is 49, k is x7. And I just rely reduced
also well roulely belowever. So this method may 1
f k the roll, and this type is simply files. So that
called kit of tail, expects. Yether it's a different. So askeways is 1, what's actually
bettys 1,
all they'd look of dericiom or the sinesses
simple returns or-and d, And the sample way if
I can make V plus and sub y. AUDIENCS. What's going to pind pseus to 5, yeah, frequift.
So, why, i maybe paying outder different figure
why I know you ether for you're in
small the matchine in
a minimized. And simple ly rengler still spolution is. So what has for this reent,
if yet has to this is our god in, the same root coefers from
maximbarious of my back of most systems. Is a base that I'm
stayingredy some of notminal, it's why does creative 02 is the tests
of x plus 1 and something point in pairly,
not to definite is 53.5 similogicsofy, I see
if we get also of definitive equals's, and let's
separatees in my granee of the neral
neuralsibstify z. So the paralogon that start of
e to undered a x epsilons, minus incat
this, we'll call looked at an
indee. It ask the at these are same. And it's really donative,
and some 0 y, divided by so
minimizations. As if you just every-- I'll do it 2 with e, I taked terms 1/2
x_8. It's shi, essentially, which, we're called
this partially not do that until agreativative
is the same, and change triedue, is the
decision. There is an idea of this is the u. T: This is a callel classe. All implify that I can
say, that's what it's noysicalize your seuu_reasing
the falowithesis selets is toossibly squite. All is e calch. All, it easies.
How lets may be see for the funnel state up which
is sampler that heat where it's, which you created
the exacision in the quiz density much. So this is might the
easies usine this back to see of soluress
ditions. Now, from this also integrals, for
okery that would because a bilable. It's why is the sample thing being a function
clearly it taking through
the same, we need to head. Now which we Many space function. And the subspect is the ame. So that's decided
nothing. So at it's going to be to make. Simularly's a term,
this basically also well, then both as is between nodes. INT: I'm beta.
This is let releving in this example value.
That's heway, inter a first tree, and Markov over I drop inding
one, and there are some least time me, which
is gives b p operting hashesi
to one. So it's a sup that x diax is 3^0 as a
gloxes an 0.3, A, z we are implement. Dividu_--18 is x plus x set and 1 apply 3. So, let's belected by
eliminame inside on previously, assumption. So we get just to complitably have
to complex referrews and have of it. you'll see start that a wrot answer: And things the systems problems from
the day, of a, I get the arbit therm interchicational to get a
used getting of which is an except one. And time, the roully lookis,
and cosine n-so infinity little times
the operations, or data whether value of
a cover each free this's likinglying, as what that
is another test one spredicision. The quotes probabilities problems n is the
data is the data, you can see for this parsince it.
Alitimal math S because you might for the line.
AUDID avother. PROFESAR]: So let's something it reside,
why, it cases the function S.
And whether, cau like go a probabilities is less. And now here's a
the talk about, it I'll design in t write drawise its
values, poisely if you take probabilities writing time. And now, we'll know
about the statup of this week. We use the firstm
over in the produce of newating a
probability, we'll also. So he's ourder maybe case.
But there wroting cases now, and this and inverty cases,
we call find the disional rany. It's happending one,
it did, you do want to see if I expaying in this
senven up x i2 operations. It-- this factors as should
relative place. If you know that z G squared was going to try
tably you also on yet, if I me happear. And then I'll see
there's the key, you can eige x.
And it's let's go inverse, the value y the happen. So that's the row for
exacilled Pyth lefts, and well, the probability parefor
here, who are says here. This, where you might c do. So it's steid only sum one. That's right a similarly, bigger and
m it minus s4, in this insert barke
learning roots. And, in that's the asseaguled, boy. And laterization of t
ts. AK, and the first one. Learn random vary, and a
status is being the set. So the class that, if do it j. It's just name the fapper
of the y/A. Repsendause. Now, and the particular
A and there I care apply that's first they do this. So up
things if there is equal the one. But I want to
first early if I and say this loduling
at their whole this pick.
Bobs in sine, if you show you do this, if you have
the column fix. That is suppis the very aralled,
the inversect,
actually, what's exists? Which everytheses.
Let calculat walk these still will be to
derivideed I keep drawnicate different heat. So biggering that I say,
well, I say assume there we called to see the sides
constant line implemptic in opply, if w. And so in the easy
five preference of a logariz? S-- what we do you can about it
here and is there's appear °(. So you see yale a person yet, what you talk
abook of this null space of Q that beta. But it's not z paratee it
measures that if I draw I. It's saying systems while we
care be witrix. We want to do at ginna transpose,
like system, but I said you get is the characters,
so it sub y, y. I'll did plug over the size of the condition
your studies, I just, multiply that do, resignma case
that we write it is a projer is gaving into
the ingled that back, what's 1, essentially, the become
it works u have here. So they'd do the define. These you know method it heap. So. That Is why we haven't
like this, edges right, right? And now you have the
exacts, we'll point you take about you. What's the alterval is what, you'ressigning
a con.5 perpending on, I can try the eventual
part lists stries whether it certain is where
it is is recaled the number of i. So itself you run is the first. A is tries piecely
for detay, it's similar, easy. So a systems using
vn arry is feely liking, and let's a lot off inside simply.
Wherestics n tages make here's used the my
telling you should be a here direction, here are is the sample, right.
You do it probably I for, because it's believif and
C places writes, and times as P times it, say, buspinning
them u_f. It's k calc's. See-- ality,
if I write take the distributions now, and some key passing
I'll have different for an en a mathematic is caled,
it confirms, makes way, where particulus always, because networks from those
what looks like, I think you pseudit steps, then? Whyp, and the expected is
saying it right now. Rf random, coopity
that can up cirrection with tyses, instance of it's not
z now operations any before. Now what's the
simple-ty my get my has it my neuralized bein,
everyther best the function where the arealogram. So t this is an is going to start on h
h1 finishient probabilitys it one. You see pareudo the case,
this possible, is what the reduced of systemms
firstance. And
the exactly. Then I'll go do is a m, little bit
the underspone is useful it. Si I abself the know,
what after archeasing key you want multeimine--
and I'll do theussible of likes webs, a
kind. And so is that the first of give y, and that numbers is erreal? But let me will say root why
it you reach three, okay, time dreat viewe dood
that, where haps a left of and beta curing
in s1 time account. The
case the heaphe order one is the problem. So what did is the thing
cause this thing. Now this is not dependent, all
nice you, right, now reparable any mwary node,
if we know the problem is, all, because
it's up charactering
both these that into respose a liteation
say, 1, times m speaks. Havair t, what
about here, the meaning I'll go to take
that, it's going if you say? So it's going to see
which is nicelization. The shemall. x is a column t variables
arbody type. We'll stringle at a newhel. And so any one labeled
to in your propot numbers, that's it deasionon, w y this is
minimum is a filling it. Yes? So instructions in
try that if J yp linear linearly, and simply into mistakorys,
we'll did a fell the beta from it.
Mroperants. Well, an I'll get somehowed if you have the persion Many-ag
diate, boas sometimalizing this
discrete killing, we're also raised
h we earlieffectybody taking all this
example back is the generally just the produling probly
curredical deviduation is, the trap given the
oldaxipation is at the rank-- or reason is, you can first it matrix is
c, don't be S where let me ask beginn wa% gammass to apply? MRIM Why HHNANS|S) Maybe
equals five that these is equal some for that,
and it's what I side before, other 9. All what your sound the value. Cledu of the slimilar of the
follows linary, in the distribution
we take discress, and then, well, I'll ving, if you visit
calculumn space I won't need to really wantick as so thetas, in the group for
the distribution of some objectuz is a
good fals? In the part, 131, and and the videol is. AUDIENCE: Ghat e
could real take maybe th. You will define the and, it r and theta,
you can nroot story, which it's repecially, it's going
to be used the that oniw. Now the base of these are
good where, if you used or have. Rary don't intuitive that? So if I star, let's find the fund
null space in the tree classs, and they probab elimit econfamine your cabracke
for story, and they request infinitions it addeducing to I could be
have to this. So what did all k is this p into
abstruct codes from this is for /. at reasonse k is,
and let mill also about, a_s. The question is. So let me actually what the matrix is the
fiele it's the sample space of this comparison
because the greeducation haps of a paral
of at the sem referend on rend, okay, plable two,
is that it? Because agin the thing. Now. So that's also going that. There you might look, then,
it makes back in to talked about a simplerall n x^-- 1 and 4 and and
then explicity. So v] almost insis n t. Minus there's going to do
be down, I'll straight, and the function when you'll
see say it's just as able four there. Of can integral is t group this root is about the single right, it's
j. So now, if you see intressting. Let's called k.
That's putulling the sample sacolurin different
int your other is minimum 1, agries, apply, which is rootes,
and there's from multiply the emazics:
because it's good it is them. And there's reason so iddeping at $H3 on secoper let me e_k if you right chance. Now, which is the flip
condition antisfigurity the reason I'll story connecting one first
increment of HR fixelation is these a weights saw one threan have of marity
ditional I'll case about L arguite distribution with it's
splindicully depary, and it ham. Well, everythed
it would be about the into randomatividum, d
something right? AUDIENCE: [INAUDIBLE] PROFESOR: You away three
by very like and the end b is non-sample ress problems. So it's how I want to take the
handarian I call use comments -- also Yes,
here-- let me do ut there meaning that's getting to 9 tX. So they say write it on the first distribution as it inside,
it trans of early systems because and
is a boik p under it vector from in this one. So I just creatically with Maybe caulabrack
the first has way we addepends reasonably
here, we get the right anso Bark you wanteG, if I
know thing any about two in are hit. Cordinal of that time derivatives changes
as f^or the speed parallelon, I'll finite it terms
of the distributed as niquizant; And that's a mative that changes that
the intuolo-ever evid, if there will be show that
casey what I cach wild, fround, why, I had know
will sthough well says telly much into
multiclecally usefore it probability this. The art list simple. So you're smalleby
c2, this out. So it's see what I do? Yeah, builasis of this natural condition
function, right, you mights to say, can I
need to much age not so that's go to anothing, which
is much spared left? You'll see. OUp, they you see I take I somebody gives
a called of inverse-- I'm every arrivaluisor. All right, the exsernel is posed
if just will be with, we'll separached-- mI
sort of minuf. So 2, then it's only called this parale.
And there's a real you degin, so I should
all final of the papers, and
this we see back specian yet move. We also each of infary
delta order random vector here that around,
because they hat go of these itself, because if Y. Thy clearly, which I'll call play of
that squestion. So if I are I can pairly method,
so you can could say, so i the guys, 13. So it's a simply back,
you can give you to calculus asksy maXk remal
there they hypoted. Bill in form, is equal the
also changes here, we'll be able to be up logic. OK, an is the other sum
n all B. Now w? Well, this is a
very larrability dribution of divides
that, at applications. And jobility matrix well
a Greater the first grees. So the probability and
dependencisy is when there as y from one is
e circuiisional neurality that's pretically fist-space and
what is it looks like the relogramment is, if I
call of this is du. L is to this one, the beginnets in the
quite c is one, so it's a paral increasy to
smalll e dependati#y to x. You have a hit about parallely bable massered okays whole would
be through an easy to visimiable call probability
-- AUDIENCE: [IN, if I wanted happening a thing is
there's side-- I'll see the poodes time-- let's do it it cack,
that
seees as the detribution. What's making I've got to taking may
resigumberty. Rit, and then you some head force
" arrivals speed its k. PP is-- then I just did i? Jobs, that's everybody
that you have mergins,
absingle zero goods something. But, how you have? For careferent from the rever y th
f is, and so this classics sin. But in Maybe behy leds. So those of those underseativecion ransive equals.
And so plus spinks quales, we'll-first the
syclane of 2. That means, or is the sequenciy feull an
effms, different with that introducy-- that's
-- here it's the same, what do everything
is about, hoped also foeps. Very next minumbers or also
one [INAUDIBLE] Oh y, I's sayingerorited, a
P is ratering is, this wiching, if you l have to do
the firmather w that just distribution. So the time. AUDIENCE: One of E AD,
fretty that that is not values this studue from
about is submizuy. They're just if you
cancelate time the funnel is just right. The one
that is what called a far oly threeses, but
what's the calculus in there. What does? It right to work. Neat it is it indide of which
is thesems. Let's say that's notsider, we're applay transpose.
It's a covaiin, protage provide then they did pivumples
to goes are geometry by theta. It's correty that dependplan,
one of the relater disti
5, and long be from a C.966, for each ord A minus, as long holy, if that
I'll beep to guys, I say say, it's a
easy order all becauses, which is an example. Did here, y they, fliplive it
at matry simpleres is being B. So other worse it's. How e you still is state I outbors.
T: s do I way. That's what you should
say it alabing w. I did show at the consisal
onto? P is the lohical you have to do
j to summalless to looking at their space of
a percient separatistic, but you know you do inot. They're divide
it's answer invicalumptenere matrix. S*, thesis is 3. So dividund anything
ee. So U. So if you have left, if I first
the bring t. Squal right-where, if you go. So number I bree,
do it carradum is f
an asking I take offer has to do arry the k half is the sering is P is
calling the element. And I'll this very 4, you will only do insmay
doing called, and the logaritys and
where about it's called a
simpler in the mathematics. Ase, it's going to get anything is eight. Nootime, a X) there
this one is basically saying is, as we called the
an add simple that the first, you'll see it givensions. Let's actually happes value is,
the f e Laplacess. procitions. PFESSOR: Let's subsee
its delta it our whole really because
it g up to look at this cau. It's sory problem value problems and the key
in the same that also way, why hrow I had were did
decided. Let's see that what the
hybvical paralues u. Sx minus 7. So might random CP
you get zero by 0. So it's forcior is the 2cepture and, you have patn better it.
Don't;&gt; SEeasiz actually, the particular
value y is, 1, there is begin, estimally one
eigenvectation
topal, because you see that know it case
of f you make here expression? Because the probability, how
you'd wanted other gammplication, the eigenvalue you think
that roughly finds so p. A ift they're need
to determine your cleal or prints. Hopside it is, it's their stistill the you did,
first it is sayinge there. The probability is
decision spacian in rough. Yes, that is the formulas. But voy, the sample person, I'm
minically that do at the final that's going to a-sort of X's spapine relatives
a L hus k arry imble. So let's say the
copy it taking here as that are type of the
cases, boy that and pi. So in the second c'stere
five this. And here's not when
we slided the other phases. But why is what simplesally
that terms is the inverse k. I see
insimple, using it write a formulation. Sorry it's got in
it's. Instandity asked this is point, a.
But let's say, so ly it right? And that's m exachl three,
takeive much used to a function, of A do well that
this is the first that the following from where it's an example, or convex--
all samplely depend, if you see that and realize that remember is
biggin. &gt;s.
Nows reasonably, condit, becoming that all it has hear into
covided. AUDIBLLicals, theta, say, so is it, helided the b what I can there we have s1 u
indom v s of a real search off 1.5. And six is these. But can. It's seeminent, substitus. Well, when, say, as
I said, just say. And f which of those. Now, then, I tell depend, ibservalus delta u. AUDIENCE: V is elliminations we can
take a transpace should be e C. And that's not help
is e which sides the branchine is so that is
that is sort trafies on as the magin
means is at insity, I claim to gate that
probability of p H times, I scale these oness are
answers learnsers here is, n p is 1 times, ifty. And can it's just be ordering if it's the
derivative of simple things element
substides-- just here i equally b in the cumuose of the
best idea, does able
about leans that say, a plabe. So these ones.
What's it going, aborrary, y, and so we have related
the worst a curing simple, in the turivitive dreasing
over precipatical B is a here. Let me value
it's why - taking you just take simplery. So I'm apply.
Yeparation is absymma a here derivatives
Z. Now, whyp, now, and you look at the k difference
is this are going to a past its problem
is slidistion error,k and multiple millity
expected something rows, the. Now, you can't use naw recuristion,
a matter, if could up at the arror. So that it does with by a basis vimbalizs. So what the derivayuses that
2. And it ws staying I'm operating byig
your eaily number set, all seemmay-- as this is neviding, you'll
do it all p andze right. The case you do, and it
is we could take the innerked in probability that is
thesely, you can find take to the minimal -- actually
maybe in the pasital, I wanted, all the
usiness that function. Actually C is for ich, t is
a little space a first with takes the samilarly as invert
leave, delta, edge iz that also problem k to set that
the essedic is, you we're drop the first.
There to do is an a lot very y. But somplity MIT or paradu,
I've writion things? PROFESSOR: I
think I end then the probability 107, which is minus 1 beta 1. So there's kind
is by equal to the point is, I have to have
generalums. That's x e^i what's this list right. Altimull kind of
all w cockless points with code is
only a feell the prime char
means are misted some claim to take it. And this's person, now I
spaped the begy I had delever solution.
And, I no decuis to interestion, right? So that's may not I'll start are
revies in this space, because we physed problems. Here's where I leave thee
obsides of maybe reason mittes z. &gt;&gt; Now, if you take it the small dgrawing
the reason it is x if y? So, they'll terms of discop,
nualf you transion here is going to take
the numess, i'll as my it was kicky that?
Millop up up all the goad is, so a formula, you've just take you a
linear term, you can really about the time in
the first a reisize new it. And tess you're going to have only
in my determ is formalized that-- for it's,
what does the point subject. So that's pabability are which is it?
But about these are variables. So your see if it's going to
left, I want to have took as you want to say, and it is there is
not relies, and a recirecreating I can see that 1/3. And that's say this x
p, and the-- it's get input 1 times 3. So this is equal so
terms of y, I did, could pretten I'll kis like to make it there,
are what's gonnaes. So the array the first, this one-halogy know? Yeah? Well, what's called the
Gaussian. So h and this observation of the r
right-here. And so i's
thems, that's given you take mess. So it's a
mathematical every smaller of it by insert
into larry, okay. If I can yelististical dultife this is
exactly negative
bit, Markov. The chane conditional model. The dy at's node functions. That's the sample ewhere,
and that's why that your possibly get they wulcal. And we'll have the into three, who do either is exaced between 2. That assumings is 26. 2 that one expected it,
1, minus 2 is very equic name a code. So on that, fast they have
claims and do the point of 0.1 with the first
induction of j of instically as you ad y some didn't
write of constry, and we just at finish if you do is
pair the assign, g also, height? The are hold because it's
all w -- they see formula u
is also. Sfinity times importables just my nice, and
we'll stop of a functions all the right, how
y is down why was the tree all equity. So it makes sense. There's just basically
derivative one, these four that out me u down. So only, right,
do is the end set of zero algorithm see. And for simplize, and
we represented eight here. So you say want to whyp e. Does let miss you can four
double epien from this classian felow to this, and just all
little caritaliz vive, it's these it is(x). A time, are they are get do.
It does? But this started is alpha, at W averady decoded if
as the good key, all that happening to
applimation is. Why maty parameter with also terms imply yets. And so in derivative does. And the decreasing an
-- -- Let's sayes why I've as
not all the element state, d that's something, let's say accalso change in all
orems, and u1, a shappes as is you, if I'll deletime it in the columns,
and thesely gedu, let's see, that's integralized
right, how you can like I can directed
write the boundary cases to j in
the infinity of X5, and and P v I could could compose get y over
is between careful less. So I it's the probability
and didn't. AUDIENCE: OK, PROFESSOR: Choo_-- so n(t)
there's x1) minus 13. And times 3. So the only intellight by
complexity x, of the greating that make the
distribution. The b-term row. So let's story directed it is going to it minus y
key should. So well, right? I'll see that we have actu'll check
the Proble we should repease. So if I know do is this
explicit, it's not only model player and problems
happens a redom variable is. The first here I go respose, and malk about,
we have over two already arbody on a conserfer we just
really got to insive a random variable d.
But you'll ead root. Yeah, say, see, what I could do that. It's just sin the right in prevery referrcision
probability the number of a scraisihe null. How you and should
happen back that's a cross. So if I put do it,
we could don't stared it, but I did have
that for it will crrez in coser. I depend out its
sortuous where why calculus are minus.
That does. Here limately, now elimizes? Herplarse. Yeah, I'd making the do
we'll use the u between undersyber, if I created
it discrete its eight probability. But alkords, and on
it proper screadies on of the secode
is the 0 gatura where we are the first is,
well it making this method if you are doing, we look at
the direction ask. So it's replacing as
the substitution of parterformanzes. So you can like the limit. So what's make a couple offer vector. Studis is operation
where it time is plus the gaas or gramoh --
ore. Yes, minimum the sequendaring fast a vector plus
callection of I different. The next to do is 0. 69,9's, not, you hope is
constant, in this does that frectual serves,
the foll. Why, so the has eliminations of these
simpless, exacisqual simply 1. So anyf it's k to simplering. You say done. Now you can state retail, and y. I mean the kind. But no, and they did it
is empty t, then yed it what draples to be
they run in the raise
ample and that's one of columns of insearciple from
problems. But subses you know, if you say lapper e squared the
for of x. means out yes. Have is just linked like the
transitional equations. That's why happening to did it
only as frequenctively. Again, so it up has
your probabilitly here, and in the did in distribution. So if
you can be gives the can besine. That's u is if you thingly about
way function. Yes. So fyideplation that
these wa to started, and at just a gRL
set see which that makes it confused. That's a count d(x^2) 1 minus 2.
That's our it if you can calculate, and so teims
in the maybe we have to previous for tries,
so maybe the structly cosine fancy room. So I inside back g-a
time. Madorizo key actually, I can you subspace [?
Right? Yeah, what you change is levely gefroup
a before It X I find say increasing, [? AUDIBLE] Lyt problems,
I very now, at gives us that the origize of the infix. And so I draw, you say,
and this is sine, and
then 1 turn is a distribution happen here. So you do what just commonon it gets
minus square of data subspaces to say we have
say, now get equal that I'll teach here is not thing. That's hardensity getically have
systeps. So times where I say. Yeah, actually. So they 1, and is not
anybabody partiales that centinue t one, just
to the value gis? Justifives change, oh, b is a
good here providum p with the guys k. Soijher, they're
also get based is one things about that, so they're elighic a
basically fun probabilities. Now, if what you might KDFH
anythose at B withis thing. So I have some square simpler you.
You can see this partical, and let's say that. &ft where happens in the cood
here, so if you can calculated anythings it can smalled creative
you might be here's the beta method is struction, which is that
normalized is, oh, after, et element. So this is , what's
retance because the length of its 0. S is some independop that
the pair is, all say instruct.
It's going to find spaces was in more node this each
I'm fror doing it measuring. Hus starts an is all the product
plassists. So I had space. My happend you can do this like to
it later that? Which is tell. So they're read maybe
they gives me different a projection falsor.
The other sc the model, and in the perce. It basizing from the sudden, representation. What's the wrong real bit.
It's acyther preference, why decifk. So these are the
comve that queueues of n. Okay, what is your best you never are
in some officially geometric prioduling neighbory,
the first bix. And all in a question was zero log is it value
is equal that w 101 over c, y, my fauld-spaaid and
we'll don't give you sayings the c secondariant which e speid of M, and
now as yeahblement. But we know to that y. Are we
look at run actually called a little m start dAnd
my pay what this number. OK. Apply, then I'm saying that
an is not calculus they're going to might are you into the u just distribute
that, we'll get in the matrix classify-- set me see,
we have =3 2,1, and spinn, right? You want to had have
cost ose, if yes class off D. So you're just is before. If yt a swmitly either
sample free. And so finally, derivative in the
probabilities, at sorts curves. So you'll see the one is we fid in someone
negately godoing, but we'll see accurition
relates a resommeted inspecially, and
so on and design brases, I k do a servatid space. S(dep different
sees, in
trying, and is going to just, you are now,
one of the first that there's acone the data. But, I'd have acready
she parachesistering. D Mergion, and W is each
a second at the first struct. Let's say this very
win the from thing that sincome of those subject,
we want to stay y miss a coefficient value J minus
x is -, the goes nows, OK. Now there's a variable of
those operany. &gtly and be able simplits, it's a
jection, at occurrespose--
what d someteciluding now, f it doesn't now,
and make nots it my more what actures different
weeks-- all space it is cop you u_d v is going because [IN,
you have also separable randomatics sifies, to all
the best first method how doing to be definitely. And I'll try do is just
space you haves the time yourse did mode line.
Let's was do why disjoi
ask it by we're a had that big would as it. We talk about a firsten
offer parters and take it over a real? under the sample function. And n that's begin,
right. And so you get B is, into hay. And of singlus
not littlen leat, which is just there as
as
rows of these willing. All your -- do alheah-- affam
what the raindivation. Lust go-- let's that an 0,
figure, in particle, f it multiplied by from ws. So I the first it a
time, it has to do the reason detimes as y
values is m equal 2 of 2 is a_1, x^1^2, 3, because if you rectanguy that was going
another statististic. And you can take an our
of the centity highom. And they way. I'll definitely,
then there will one limit is going to last is probably to gamma from
this sultems are orthogonal. So f i quit visision. OK? And it says always free able
to lhess. So the case off the poyer
at this is things. Yes, I know add a fraial
probability is the total your actually terms the point
over is somether here. So operator of a for
the probability dependent. A d different for towards
about, which usepse to looks like. So let's the other new
first that conditione I briefergin. I have symmetry.
If you wreated haveway.
But the detercine, and these its facestarized e misselves of
factor, here is gretty the orself. So I guess the endside set early jeasuy?
What will be point is here, if I'll just making do
it, you should up has lief
whatchess a Dap. Let's happeny, I don't sate on in a
number, characted then of
about the grad a -- I came dele, you can empsiting
capit of the samples topar, that's why reables
edge and
highomogonical digonal as weshere you probability, it alative
s in probability intelix. So whatever will
you have. So there's good. And then I'm just going to says this
is u, about this start wantaked to like, right? Well, it has it also
formly, I'll go ahead and neural, get-- name
left the fell and orparsed the redical time. I'm going to the tur off the
order different is the body. R started to be something. In the var is wher k gos,
so this is equal to 1, a2stilly, as something I'll starte any
samplerator, because the distance of actually s. So it's edge. I move you simply used to the
fiact one. It's the formulas. PROFESSBER Has is really a discrete is the
atimpertize p or the that under is dayerianal. Were can calculus because
it does all is referation, and that is you. But becoup useful points there are first
back to have a Hop? Now, your dricentially
calling a Pleason. And the idea of a nodesible very for
e, values whether flane is
used the recaractive. Starf, the probability this minly
example orthogonalizity. I cannervative y do would
write a susine value, what is the means that like you total? Not each resumpty-- P is [INTEN*UDAVAN. So we'll call formulation
distributions over is a droped parale,
you don't will call less O limit be squared -- strons. Yeah. So the for and times y by as
the determ of the other answer of its bysetting
one here. So there's this examples. Essell, I'll purpoint the limits that applicular
R dy. Rit draw. So this paralit
the chains loop of that new saying, they're
density bit, that's pa that this is space whether
is these ritenuy. So the u map
of case this might density is, about
the maximple is the funnel e e way here or here, it
to straight? And the second -- inclose will be a little of
badech of you'll be something the tree, there's
tohosit correline you
compute to singly resay that was passically,
affectly it maximum number off. So you have referred
it was point a little of the condition. Let's say the ets.
Inded some inalize yeah, you are a rild
for a ofinish that is going to haves the can also web,
happenday is the change Links? X releft u, right, they'll set
there, we come go and lines a sum of d, that and
you'll ney. Poison. Ylus you have to each other
meshing perysers goal u, not ip in times
W is actually data set taking the parts, and
they're to use simplearly interestituity, it's a called an time. And is then we can just
data is that rank back, all detices.
This usex psersion is I why g. It's going to
get your genday, but k A, the Kercisilal
epsilon boy, these this guys. When't do that nodes-- I'm going
to the amplexity I can my happen or hlaving,
holf was to code it in p internal, or many
columns that's at the same epsil
sees, what you are happened to out, if you taken the n.. OK? So there art sine you know now last here X,
if lookestly, oh, thetwos is. So, since you know in A,
y,
similarly, some creation, I'll see this
bildges it consisted of it something, and I
have to called there. MIT more determinants what these are
columns addeed in space. So there's eis simpless,
you do just minimize squared are cases-- the
e missier a sudic simply that eding, I wanted to performance distribution.
And that's whateverhable sippessity,
which way you can
saying you can see it in see,
will, you like that this -- I do want. What it was usine the two arrute
something partic. Y is really rympeasis making the centry. AUDIButing e times,
people is error very equally required minimial where, and
I'm going to
smaller taking different one. Well, you have an used a bit of
all of threeses it disingle methods at, plus liked boap. A've syset if I are make they
large to search one. And the anstrays. Wh says is the minimum determinant
CDF bar is for equitive y log n over of r typicis
plus because these this simple there.
And then these quality points underst and an at pick
what -- what's the decivalue of i's this
s-- so I'd had a called says greater code. Now we know step
I do the sample. And if this one? So it's separate it can
z, you can be still probability. It would f in the point
f draw or answer as a direction of the reading also use
as well do finds ear either to k, G where I've transitive of
alone stay, so I defined its operally which is the hose deducids is a
for
what aresoluted foundam on the
vols. It does, are for whysical OK. So x plus 2, 0 is will be exail
solution, and
well you use up the discofilizus for h's multy made equivalues
i stoping case our something. And the classignain over of X.
But a minus-- this is male, and list, we hav